README.md, before:

# Web App 3 Plugin: Recording RTMP

The recording RTMP plugin can be used to record the audio and video from any
conference. Internally, it sends the media through RTMP to a server that support
these kind of streams. It can use RTMP or RTMPS, but it's strongly recommended
to use RTMPS.

It can be configured in two modes:

- **Dynamic RTMP URI:** Each time the user starts a recording, they will be
  asked to enter the RTMP URI. It's flexible, but it could be annoying for the
  user if they always use the same address.
- **Static RTMP URI:** The URI is defined in a configuration file and can only
  be changed by an administrator. When the user click on the plugin button, the
  recording will start automatically without the need for entering any
  additional data.

## Configure plugin

We have a configuration file to choose between the two modes that we commented
before. The configuration file could be found in the next paths:

- `./public/config.json`: Path if you download the **source code** and run it in
  developer mode.
- `./recording-rtmp/config.json`: Path in case you download the **precompiled
  package**.

If you want to run the plugin with **dynamic RTMP URI** you should remove the
`recordingUri` parameter from the configuration file:

```json
{
  "recordingUri": ""
}
```

In case you want to define a **static RTMP URI**, you only have to define it in
the file:

```json
{
  "recordingUri": "rtmps://example-rtmp.pexip.com/my-recordings"
}
```

You have a third alternative and it is to use the variable `displayName` in the
configuration file:

```json
{
  "recordingUri": "rtmps://example-rtmp.pexip.com/my-recordings/{{ displayName }}"
}
```

The reference will be changed at runtime in a URL encoded format, e.g.

```
displayName = "John Smith"
recordingUri = "rtmps://example-rtmp.pexip.com/my-recordings/John%20Smith"
```

### Configuration requirements starting from Infinity v37

The `id` of the plugin in the manifest should be `recording-rtmp` to support the
new Widget concept.

In addition, because of the tightened security in v37,
`"sandboxValues": ["allow-same-origin"]` needs to be added to the plugin config
in the manifest.

More information about the above change can be found here:
https://developer.pexip.com/docs/infinity/web/plugins/webapp-3/sandbox-security

Your manifest will now look something like the following.

```
{
  ...
  "plugins": [
    {
    	"id": "recording-rtmp",
    	"src": "...",
      "sandboxValues": ["allow-same-origin"]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Configure for development

If you want to test the plugin in your Pexip Infinity deployment, you will need
to configure the `infinityUrl` in a `.env` file. You can create the file from
the `.env.example` file that you can find in the root of the project.

```bash
$ cp .env.example .env
```

And now edit the file to set the `infinityUrl` variable with the URL of your
Pexip Infinity deployment:

```env
VITE_INFINITY_URL=https://your-pexip-infinity-url
```

When running the plugin in development mode, you can edit the configuration file
`./dev-public/config.json` to set the `recordingUri` parameter.

## Run for development

- Install all the dependencies:

```bash
$ npm i
```

- Run the dev environment:

```bash
$ npm start
```

The plugin will be served from https://localhost:5173, but you should access it
thought the Web App 3 URL. You have more information about how to configure your
environment in the
[Developer Portal: Setup guide for plugin developers](https://developer.pexip.com/docs/plugins/webapp-3/setup-guide-for-plugin-developers).

## Build for production

To create a package, you will need to first install all the dependencies:

```bash
$ npm i
```

And now to create the package itself:

```bash
$ npm run build
```

Congrats! Your package is ready and it will be available in the `dist` folder.
The next step is to create a Web App3 branding and copy `dist` into that
branding.

If you want to know more about how to deploy your plugin in Pexip Infinity,
check our [Developer Portal](https://developer.pexip.com).

Commit message:

docs: add version compatibility in the README

README.md, after:

# Web App 3 Plugin: Recording RTMP

The recording RTMP plugin can be used to record the audio and video from any
conference. Internally, it sends the media through RTMP to a server that support
these kind of streams. It can use RTMP or RTMPS, but it's strongly recommended
to use RTMPS.

It can be configured in two modes:

- **Dynamic RTMP URI:** Each time the user starts a recording, they will be
  asked to enter the RTMP URI. It's flexible, but it could be annoying for the
  user if they always use the same address.
- **Static RTMP URI:** The URI is defined in a configuration file and can only
  be changed by an administrator. When the user click on the plugin button, the
  recording will start automatically without the need for entering any
  additional data.

  For using this plugin you will need to the following version of **Pexip
  Infinity**:

  | Plugin Version | Pexip Infinity Version |
  | -------------- | ---------------------- |
  | v1.x.x         | v35 or newer           |
  | v2.x.x         | v38.1 or newer         |

## Configure plugin

We have a configuration file to choose between the two modes that we commented
before. The configuration file could be found in the next paths:

- `./public/config.json`: Path if you download the **source code** and run it in
  developer mode.
- `./recording-rtmp/config.json`: Path in case you download the **precompiled
  package**.

If you want to run the plugin with **dynamic RTMP URI** you should remove the
`recordingUri` parameter from the configuration file:

```json
{
  "recordingUri": ""
}
```

In case you want to define a **static RTMP URI**, you only have to define it in
the file:

```json
{
  "recordingUri": "rtmps://example-rtmp.pexip.com/my-recordings"
}
```

You have a third alternative and it is to use the variable `displayName` in the
configuration file:

```json
{
  "recordingUri": "rtmps://example-rtmp.pexip.com/my-recordings/{{ displayName }}"
}
```

The reference will be changed at runtime in a URL encoded format, e.g.

```
displayName = "John Smith"
recordingUri = "rtmps://example-rtmp.pexip.com/my-recordings/John%20Smith"
```

### Configuration requirements starting from Infinity v37

The `id` of the plugin in the manifest should be `recording-rtmp` to support the
new Widget concept.

In addition, because of the tightened security in v37,
`"sandboxValues": ["allow-same-origin"]` needs to be added to the plugin config
in the manifest.

More information about the above change can be found here:
https://developer.pexip.com/docs/infinity/web/plugins/webapp-3/sandbox-security

Your manifest will now look something like the following.

```
{
  ...
  "plugins": [
    {
    	"id": "recording-rtmp",
    	"src": "...",
      "sandboxValues": ["allow-same-origin"]
    }
  ]
}
```

## Configure for development

If you want to test the plugin in your Pexip Infinity deployment, you will need
to configure the `infinityUrl` in a `.env` file. You can create the file from
the `.env.example` file that you can find in the root of the project.

```bash
$ cp .env.example .env
```

And now edit the file to set the `infinityUrl` variable with the URL of your
Pexip Infinity deployment:

```env
VITE_INFINITY_URL=https://your-pexip-infinity-url
```

When running the plugin in development mode, you can edit the configuration file
`./dev-public/config.json` to set the `recordingUri` parameter.

## Run for development

- Install all the dependencies:

```bash
$ npm i
```

- Run the dev environment:

```bash
$ npm start
```

The plugin will be served from https://localhost:5173, but you should access it
thought the Web App 3 URL. You have more information about how to configure your
environment in the
[Developer Portal: Setup guide for plugin developers](https://developer.pexip.com/docs/plugins/webapp-3/setup-guide-for-plugin-developers).

## Build for production

To create a package, you will need to first install all the dependencies:

```bash
$ npm i
```

And now to create the package itself:

```bash
$ npm run build
```

Congrats! Your package is ready and it will be available in the `dist` folder.
The next step is to create a Web App3 branding and copy `dist` into that
branding.

If you want to know more about how to deploy your plugin in Pexip Infinity,
check our [Developer Portal](https://developer.pexip.com).
